AVAS π Orbital Selection (#261)
evangelistalab/forte: docs/README.md

> ### Build the manual locally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Building Forte's manual locally
```

If you are temporarily offline but would like to check the manual,
you might want to compile the manual locally.
This can be done using `sphinx`.
Additionally, the `sphinx_rtd_theme` and `nbsphinx` modules are required.

> Since you already find this README, simply call `make html` in the current directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since you already found this README file, simply call `make html` in the current directory.
```
